hey there you might not remember me but
we've already met you know my life's
become so boring recently all I do is
sit at home nobody needs a mascot
anymore so I decided to have some tea
and a chat with you what tea do you
prefer huh is that oh I think I've come
up with a much more interesting thing to
do if you don't recognize this it's a
portal controller I found some time ago
shall we Here I am in the middle of
nowhere where is everyone
this place looks so deserted hello
anybody there hmm looks like no one's
living here any longer let's take a look
at that building over there I really
don't want to touch this door but how
else do I find out what's happened oh my
there's dust everywhere people have
clearly abandoned this place long ago
hey what's this a letter oh let me see -
whoever reads this these are my last
words before I'm gone before we all are
the day has finally come they're
gathering everyone in the city center
for evacuation we're going to leave
Earth and settle on a huge spaceship
it'll take us to a distant planet
somewhere in the Andromeda galaxy they
say it's not safe here anymore I'm
scared but hopeful perhaps we'll find a
new home there if you're reading this
you're probably late for the ship please
light the beacon I've left in the drawer
it'll come for you too I promise wish
you all the best
Wow the beacon they sent here it is
don't mind if I do
nothing's happening broken perhaps no
wait
what's that noise
this spacecraft we've seen your signal
come out with your hands up and no harm
will come to you I better go now and
what in the world is going on here why
is that guy hiding from the cops and
what's that guy doing on the roof is he
jumping no wait don't do that huh
he just sprung off the ground and run
away and that little girl is toting
something very dangerous looking and
it's way too heavy for her to lift so
easily
oh no that car is going to hit her but
no she just pointed the muzzle of that
huge thing under her feet and flew away
on the blast
I think I'm losing my mind right now
Hey will you please be more careful I'm
standing here you know uh yeah
sorry I didn't mean to be rude you know
I don't like it here anyway so I'll just
bye okay this place looks much more
civilized although it's kind of weird
that huge rock wall over there seems
inhabited by real big birds and they're
wearing business suits
okay am i standing on your home I'm so
terribly sorry
let me repair it okay good as new
um excuse me for asking but are you guys
meerkats yeah thought so why is the
ground shaking oh wait those are buffalo
and they're all wearing t-shirts and
caps and they're chasing a human on a
motorbike it's the human run
centuries-old tradition oh I didn't hear
you approaching of course you didn't I'm
a cat after all yeah sorry so you were
saying it's a traditional race between
Buffalo and humans after it they lost
celebrate together but right now I
advise you to get out of their path
but you don't need to ask me twice
thanks and bye
my eyes it's so bright here oh okay I
can see a bit now everything's in yellow
and just a bit of black hey that's
that's me over there and there too I'm
everywhere
well not exactly me but that's clearly
my symbol I think I know where I am
let's go explore that airplane shaped
building hmm it's too dark here huh
where's the door it's just been here I'm
trapped
help oh three doors have appeared
instead let's check them out wow this
one's too hot to the touch and the
second one is covered with hoarfrost it
must be really cold behind it what about
the third ow
I didn't even touch it but the spark hit
me already I guess I'll have to choose
one to leave safely is that a timer
ticking why is everything suddenly
turning gray hey wait ten seconds isn't
enough what do I do
aah aah gotcha there's the pause button
oh now I got time oh this jacket looks
warm enough to get me through the second
door still cold though can't a guy's um
why are you kneeling are these your
gifts to me hey you know it's cool and
all but I'd rather go and you remember
always stay on the bright side of life
whoa ah would you look at that this city
seems to be built as tall as it is wide
hey there's a flying taxi and that guy
looks exactly like korben Dallas all
right I want to look at it from above
hey give me a lift what yeah thanks my
man to the top level please
yikes that was fast here you go keep the
change
what up view so this is a city of the
future that metal and glass towers air
highways looks wonderful to me oh look
it's that same taxi again but now there
are three unfriendly looking fellows
filing out of it and there's nobody here
but me oh I must have done something
wrong sorry guys
I'd love to stay longer but I have
business elsewhere now this world looks
similar but somehow different at the
same time what does that say Planet
Express ah I know who I'm gonna meet
here let's go we might just see the
whole team or not
the starship is leaving the dock some
parcel to deliver no gap ah well anyway
there are plenty of other worlds to
explore am i back on the original Earth
whoa look up in the sky it's a bird no
it's a plane it's a whole lot of flying
people ouch now that was some gusts to
win wait was that a person - it seems
this world is full of real-life
superheroes let's have a look at where
they're all headed no I better not get
any closer there's something crazy going
on up at out that blast nearly took my
bulb off hey who are you where are you
taking me I'm afraid of heights
so you're gonna leave me on the roof
like that and just fly off okay I guess
this superhero isn't a talkative type
well whatever
this place looks very familiar I think I
oh goodness this can't be but it is look
at that banner I don't recognize the
face or name but that guy is definitely
of my kind this is my home world and
even the street where I was born
everything here's changed though I can
barely recognize
this place oh geez that's my parents
house I'll just take a sneak peek no it
isn't them I don't know these bulbs I
guess too much time has passed since I
was taken sorry I can't bear it any
longer let's move on
hey lightbulbs can't swim huh but we can
float all right I'm fine why is there
water all around here anyway hmm
Wow just below me is a whole city all
built under water and there are people
swimming around Wow just look at that
sea horse carriage oh hey buddy sorry I
don't understand what you're saying
I heard dolphins were smart but probably
not enough to understand speech wow what
was that for are are these your friends
hey pal I'm not looking for trouble okay
I'm just visiting no don't touch this
thing
it'll transport me to another parallel
world great ahh it's somehow took me
back to earth well I guess it's enough
to mention traveling for one day why are
all these worlds so hostile anyways so
as far as I can remember I wanted some
tea here's to you bright cider